So now that we know what the MEAN stack is and that we have our basic project set up for this course,
let's see what else is inside of this course.
So we're pretty much done getting started, in the next course module, we'll dive into building the Angular
front-end. You'll get an Angular refresher there too, though I also recommend diving into some dedicated
Angular resources, just as for Node and Express and MongoDB
if you want to learn more. But with that, we'll build the core foundation,
the things we can see or we'll at least start building these in that module.
Thereafter, we'll already attach our backend, the Node/Express backend so that we can actually do more
than just display a beautiful UI.
Well and we also want to work with data and want
to store and fetch that data and for that, we obviously need a database,
so in the module thereafter, we'll add MongoDB to the party and therefore, a really great database.
I'll show you how to add it and how to work with it from Node/Express and therefore also from Angular.
Once we did that, we'll enhance our app. Now that's a very broad term, but we'll add some things to the
Angular app, to the Node backend to turn this into a more realistic and better app,
so this will be a really important module.
Thereafter, we'll already dive into image upload,
that's a super interesting topic which I was often asked about in my other courses,
here we got it, here you will learn how to let the user select an image in your Angular app and then
upload it to your Node/Express server and store it there
and how to then also of course retrieve it. We'll thereafter have a look at another very popular topic,
pagination.
We get a lot of data in our database and we typically don't want to fetch all that data in one block.
That is typically not what you want to do because it impacts performance, there is more data to download.
So here I will show you how you can add pagination, so
how you can select chunks/slices of your data to display on a given page. And thereafter, we'll dive
into authentication,
how can we add users, sign-up, login
and how do we store the information whether a certain user is logged in in our client-side app and use
it to reach protected resources on the server.
Thereafter, we'll dive into something which is kind of related to authentication, authorization.
Authorization is about ensuring that only users who created a post let's say, can edit and delete
that post,
so we'll add this in that module.
We're nearing the end of the course thereafter and we'll dive into error handling,
what does this means and how could we elegantly handle errors in our Angular app.
Once we're done with that,
we're pretty much done and we'll put some optimizations into place, both on the back-end
and the front-end
regarding our code, our code structure but also regarding performance.
And finally, we'll of course deploy our application, actually in two different ways,
on one server and on multiple servers and
I will explain the differences in this module of course. And with that, we're done and we'll have
a complete MEAN app finished and deployed. And I'm very confident that once you finish this course,
you'll have all the knowledge you need for your next MEAN project.